FBX Export Tool
Å®How it will benefit company:


Å®What improvements to be made:
á@Clean up the code. 
The code was written at a time where the specifications were not entirely clear and specifications were added one by one as time went on.
As a result, the code seems very patchwork and not very conducive for future maintenance and improvements.


áAUpload it onto \\p.sv\Tool\PrismTools\
I intend to create a central tool repository from which all tools made from Prism can be accessed. 
The intention is to have a bunch of common tools that can be used across all projects.
If any project-specific modularity, it should be able to be tweaked via a separate text file, or at very worst minor modifications by the tech artist.
Hopefully, the format should be easy enough to be tweaked by either the lead or the PM.



Scene Management Tool
Å®How it will benefit company:
Having scene browser eliminates the tediousness of clicking through many folders when needing to search for the 
appropriate folder to find files or anything.
As well, having a simple and direct way of browsing files will eliminate human error when uploading or pushing files
through to GIT, SVN or server.

Å®What improvements to be made / things still needed to be done:
á@Implement the rest of the intended features.
Currently, the browser is at a very rudimentary stage. The general idea is the same as the EKKO scene browser that is 
being used on EKKO. However, I intend to add more features as well, and intend it to be more customisable. 
On top of that, I intend this to be part of the common tools be deployed across all projects simultaenously, by having 
all the paths and stuff editable via a text file located on the server.



Rigging solution
Å®How it will benefit company:
Create a standardised rig to be used if the rigging solution is not decided by client company. 
Personally, I find that HumanIK is inadequete as a rigging tool as it was meant mostly motion capture and not designed 
to be used for hand-key exclusively. One of the biggest problems faced was the constant crashing whenever complex 
weapons had to be rigged and animated, as well as intermittent crashing out of the blue. On top of that, a lot of 
round-about situations had to be developed to deal with simple things like switching weapon holding hands, etc.


Å®What is to be done:
á@Either explore Advanced Skeleton as a rigging solution, or I can write a new rigging tool.
I heard from Jin-san and Otsuka-san  that Advanced Skeleton was used before. We could either use that and establish a 
set pipeline or I could amend a tool that I have already written for that purpose.



More tools are thought of, but there are already exisitings tools that we have to deal with them.